Overchef usability test(for user)      by yujiaZHANG

Thank you very much for your participation. Your assistance will help us develop software that is more friendly to use.
OverChef is a digital cooking software, providing functionalities such as quickly off-line searching, updating recipes based on users’ preference. You may search for a certain recipe with recipe’s name or ingredient’s name. You can also modify or even delete any recipe. Now we have some simple tasks for you to try with OverChef. Please do the following instructions.

Task 1: It is summer. You and your friends are on a diet, so you decide to make some salat for breakfast and the salat should be exactly for 3 people.

Task 2: A chocolate cake has too many calories. Since you are on a diet, you should delete this recipe.

Task 3: For lunch you want to have some low calorie meat, like chicken. Chose one recipe that contains chicken.

Task 4: After reading it, you want to make some change. Maybe creating a more interesting name or adding/deleting some ingredient/step/picture would make this recipe better.

Task 5: Tonight you are having a party in your apartment. During the party, one of your China buddy shares with you a secret recipe he learned from his grandma, and you want to record it. Find a way to do that. Also, remember you are still in the party, you may not have enough time to type in all details of this recipe. The details of this secret recipe is in the back of this paper.

Task 6: Congratulation! You have done all the task. Now you can do anything with this app and we will be grateful for your feedback! Thank you so much for your cooperation!




Recipe name: Hong Shao Rou

Description:
Shanghai-Style Braised Pork Belly (Hong Shao Rou), or “red cooked pork,” is a very famous dish in China. Everyone knows it, and there are many versions and twists based on the original. Some of the more well-known variations include the addition of squid (sounds odd, but boy, is it tasty), hard boiled eggs, and tofu knots.

Ingredient:	3 /4 lb. of lean pork belly (cut into 3/4-inch thick pieces)
		2 tablespoons oil
			1 tablespoon sugar (rock sugar is preferred if you have it)
			1/2 tablespoon dark soy sauce
			1 tablespoon light soy sauce
			3 tablespoons shaoxing wine
			2 cups water

Serving Number: 2

Step:
”Bring a pot of water to a boil and blanch the pork for a couple minutes.		
”Take the pork out of the pot and set aside."		
"Over low heat, add oil and sugar to your wok."		
"Melt the sugar slightly and add the pork."		
"Raise the heat to medium and cook until the pork is lightly browned."			
"Turn the heat back down to low and add cooking wine, light soy sauce, dark soy sauce, and chicken stock."		
"Cover and simmer for about 60 minutes to 90 minutes until pork is fork tender."		
"Every 5-10 minutes, stir to prevent burning and add water if it gets too dry."			
"Once the pork is fork tender, if there is still a lot of visible liquid, uncover the wok, turn up the heat, and stir continuously the sauce has reduced to a glistening coating."

Picture: (on desktop)